README.md, before:

# _{Application Name}_

#### _{Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}_

#### By _**{List of contributors}**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a great place_
* _to list setup instructions_
* _in a simple_
* _easy-to-understand_
* _format_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

### Software Requirements
_1. Internet browser of choice._
_2. A code editor like VSCode or Atom to view or edit the codebase._

#### Open by downloading:
_1. Download this repository onto your computer by clicking the 'clone or download button'_
_2. Double click index.html to open it in your web browser_

### Open via Bash/GitBash:
_1. Clone this repository onto your computer:_
`git clone {PUT_REPO_HERE}`
_2. Navigate into the `{NAME_OF_DIRECTORY}` directory, and open in Visual Studio Code or preferred text editor_
`code .`
_3. Open index.html in Chrome or preferred browser_

#### To see my live website go to {GH_PAGES_LINK_HERE}!

## Known Bugs

_{Are there issues that have not yet been resolved that you want to let users know you know?  Outline any issues that would impact use of your application.  Share any workarounds that are in place. }_

## Support and contact details

_{Let people know what to do if they run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns.  Encourage them to contact you or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Technologies Used

_{Tell me about the languages and tools you used to create this app. Assume that I know you probably used HTML and CSS. If you did something really cool using only HTML, point that out.}_

### License

*{Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.}*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_{List of contributors or company name}_**

Commit message:

add README.md page with instructions and links

README.md, after:

# _Coding Language Recommendation Quiz_

#### _This site asks several quiz questions and recommends a coding language, v1.0 23.oct.2020_

#### By _**Jeff Chiu**_

## Site link

_[Click here](https://jeffchiudev.github.io/coding-language-quiz/) to visit the portfolio._

## Description

_This site is an addition to the fictional BizzFEED blog aggregator to help people who are interested in learning how to code which coding language they should pick based on an "in depth" character assessment based on 5 questions._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

### Software Requirements
_1. Internet browser of choice. Chrome & Firefox are suggested_
_2. A code editor like VSCode or Atom to view or edit the codebase._

#### Open by downloading:
_1. Download [this](https://github.com/jeffchiudev/coding-language-quiz) repository onto your computer by clicking the 'clone or download button'._
_2. Double click index.html to open it in your web browser._

### Open via Bash/GitBash:
_1. Open terminal window and navigate to/create desired repository location._
_2. Clone this repository onto your computer by using command:_
`git clone https://github.com/jeffchiudev/portfolio-landing-page`
_3. In the directory where you've cloned the repository, open in Visual Studio Code with `code .` or preferred text editor._

## Known Bugs

_Currently optimized for desktop browsing.  Smart device integration will be added soon._

## Support and contact details

_If there are any issues, I can be contacted at jwchiu82@gmail.com_


### License

_This extension is licensed under the MIT license._

Copyright (c) 2020 Jeffrey W. Chiu
